# Molecular Mimicry as a Mechanism of Viral Immune Evasion and Autoimmunity
This is the repository for the paper "Molecular Mimicry as a Mechanism of Viral Immune Evasion and Autoimmunity" currently pre-printed at BioRxiv. Below is a brief summary of the repository structure.

All analysis outside of the alignment including Figure assembly and statistical testing is in the "Analysis" folder. All k-mer alignment is in the epitope_alignment folder. Within both of these directories, there were several instances of files being too large to be housed on github. In these instances we have included a link to where the files are housed on Box if you desired the exact file used in this manuscript. The only instances were we did not do this are for some files in the "Databases" folder under "Analysis" which were from other sources/manuscripts. There we have reported where to retrieve the file from.

Many of the figure's quarto documents should run as intermediate data files have been generated and uploaded on the github (file size permitting, otherwise a link was provided to where you can retrieve the large file). The alternative is to go into the respective quarto document and set eval: true for many of the longer running chunks that generate these intermediate files (e.g. the chunks that save data to Key_Data). So also pay attention to which chunks have eval set to false, as this was usually done because the file they generate is provided and running that chunk everytime greatly slows down the speed of rendering the quarto.
